	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 3 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 83 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 114 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 81 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 104 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 82 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 103 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 79 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 101 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 77 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 98 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 78 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 100 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 81 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 104 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 80 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 103 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 75 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 97 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 74 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 95 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 80 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 103 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 78 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 101 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 83 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 107 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 83 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 107 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 76 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 96 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 77 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 99 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 76 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 98 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 84 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 106 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 86 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 110 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 85 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 108 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 139 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 5 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 5 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 4 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 4 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 5 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 5 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 5 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 5 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 5 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 5 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 52 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 21 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 57 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 48 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 5 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 13 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 5 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 1 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 158 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 186 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 90 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 91 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 114 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 90 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 112 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 118 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 92 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 116 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 96 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 119 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 96 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 120 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 97 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 122 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 94 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 118 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 116 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 104 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 129 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 102 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 129 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 94 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 119 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 95 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 118 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 96 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 122 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 96 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 121 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 95 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 118 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 96 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 120 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 100 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 126 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 103 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 128 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 96 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 120 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 96 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 121 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 100 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 124 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 101 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 127 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 102 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 128 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 101 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 128 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 98 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 123 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 100 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 126 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 85 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 108 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 90 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 114 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 92 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 117 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 21 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 48 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 5 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 21 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 50 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 49 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 5 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 5 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 21 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 49 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 22 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 62 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 49 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 22 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 21 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 34 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 56 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 32 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 65 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 21 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 48 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 22 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 48 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 21 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 24 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 24 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 53 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 23 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 24 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 22 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 25 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 48 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 22 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 21 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 2 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 218 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 252 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 207 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 241 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 208 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 241 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 210 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 243 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 199 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 231 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 205 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 236 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 214 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 246 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 209 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 241 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 209 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 241 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 214 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 246 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 211 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 242 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 204 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 235 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 210 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 242 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 214 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 246 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 188 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 218 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 219 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 254 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 220 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 256 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 213 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 249 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 212 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 253 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 112 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 1 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 112 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 94 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 115 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 99 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 122 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 101 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 123 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 102 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 125 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 85 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 107 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 85 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 108 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 96 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 119 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 95 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 118 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 86 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 108 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 86 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 109 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 116 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 94 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 118 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 91 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 115 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 91 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 116 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 139 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 49 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 165 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 215 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 2 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 166 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 205 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 104 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 131 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 98 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 122 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 104 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 128 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 103 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 127 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 105 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 131 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 106 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 131 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 104 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 129 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 115 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 141 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 111 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 139 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 135 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 105 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 131 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 113 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 138 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 115 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 140 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 106 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 132 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 135 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 106 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 131 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 134 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 135 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 142 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 114 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 141 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 108 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 132 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 134 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 136 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 136 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 115 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 141 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 135 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 86 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 106 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 115 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 116 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 104 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 126 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 103 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 128 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 108 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 131 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 111 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 136 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 107 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 132 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 106 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 131 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 107 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 107 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 132 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 115 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 141 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 112 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 138 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 107 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 132 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 112 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 138 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 108 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 104 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 128 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 102 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 127 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 141 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 26 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 50 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 50 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 49 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 48 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 50 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 21 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 50 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 22 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 50 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 50 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 50 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 55 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 28 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 55 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 21 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 50 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 22 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 50 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 50 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 31 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 63 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 21 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 66 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 48 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 49 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 48 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 21 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 23 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 22 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 4 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 49 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 175 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 225 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 143 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 115 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 139 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 125 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 151 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 154 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 160 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 154 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 155 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 160 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 160 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 154 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 154 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 132 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 158 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 125 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 151 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 152 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 155 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 107 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 130 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 111 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 134 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 112 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 137 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 118 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 143 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 124 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 150 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 151 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 155 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 124 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 151 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 152 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 141 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 168 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 125 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 150 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 132 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 158 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 155 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 140 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 168 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 138 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 103 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 129 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 112 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 136 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 154 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 152 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 125 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 151 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 125 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 150 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 144 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 170 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 141 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 168 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 160 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 132 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 158 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 132 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 158 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 161 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 138 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 166 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 167 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 160 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 155 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 103 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 126 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 111 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 135 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 112 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 136 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 124 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 150 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 125 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 151 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 149 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 150 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 154 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 154 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 141 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 168 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 138 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 167 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 155 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 132 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 158 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 161 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 154 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 155 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 138 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 166 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 155 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 106 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 131 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 113 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 138 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 114 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 139 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 125 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 151 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 154 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 124 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 150 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 150 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 155 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 132 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 89 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 110 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 96 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 117 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 95 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 116 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 97 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 118 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 106 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 129 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 131 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 92 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 112 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 92 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 113 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 136 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 107 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 132 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 102 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 124 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 114 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 95 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 118 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 95 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 117 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 102 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 125 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 98 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 120 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 108 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 131 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 108 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 132 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 134 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 134 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 134 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 108 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 131 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 111 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 135 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 114 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 138 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 106 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 130 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 104 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 127 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 107 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 132 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 124 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 152 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 74 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 94 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 103 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 128 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 105 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 130 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 149 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 101 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 124 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 101 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 124 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 99 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 122 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 98 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 122 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 96 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 119 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 67 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 83 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 68 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 84 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 69 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 87 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 79 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 97 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 86 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 105 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 83 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 102 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 83 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 103 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 97 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 120 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 96 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 119 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 87 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 106 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 87 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 107 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 84 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 104 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 83 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 102 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 86 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 106 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 88 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 109 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 81 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 100 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 83 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 102 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 98 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 119 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 115 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 90 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 112 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 90 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 112 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 100 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 123 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 99 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 122 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 99 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 122 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 97 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 120 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 95 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 118 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 95 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 118 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 87 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 110 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 143 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 118 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 117 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 143 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 76 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 97 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 80 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 101 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 83 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 104 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 86 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 108 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 136 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 107 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 118 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 149 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 83 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 105 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 55 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 70 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 91 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 114 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 98 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 122 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 85 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 106 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 89 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 110 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 114 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 141 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 48 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 304 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 354 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 177 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 206 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 247 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 67 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 301 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 369 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 140 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 175 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 171 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 141 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 174 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 136 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 269 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 307 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 64 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 297 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 364 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 62 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 139 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 203 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 91 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 113 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 89 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 110 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 125 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 154 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 63 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 302 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 366 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 208 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 237 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 56 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 223 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 281 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 54 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 268 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 324 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 157 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 188 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 87 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 108 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 116 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 213 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 238 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 204 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 254 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 182 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 226 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 168 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 193 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 113 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 138 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 108 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 132 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 108 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 132 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 278 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 316 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 140 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 124 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 120 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 144 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 113 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 139 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 103 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 125 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 132 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 141 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 112 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 135 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 135 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 111 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 134 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 111 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 135 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 100 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 121 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 115 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 138 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 104 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 131 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 130 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 102 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 125 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 90 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 110 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 158 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 158 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 149 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 278 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 318 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 80 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 301 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 383 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 75 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 493 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 570 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 65 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 397 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 466 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 70 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 295 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 368 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 58 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 259 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 320 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 69 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 301 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 372 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 158 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 199 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 231 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 278 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 60 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 211 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 274 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 52 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 212 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 266 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 196 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 242 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 205 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 248 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 52 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 221 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 275 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 235 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 282 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 49 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 209 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 259 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 212 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 261 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 51 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 197 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 250 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 229 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 278 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 66 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 270 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 339 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 51 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 234 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 288 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 276 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 323 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 60 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 411 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 474 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 71 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 342 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 417 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 62 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 281 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 346 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 70 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 301 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 374 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 219 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 265 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 50 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 220 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 273 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 48 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 204 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 254 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 61 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 289 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 353 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 51 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 230 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 283 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 173 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 213 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 185 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 232 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 166 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 212 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 161 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 199 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 144 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 182 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 142 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 178 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 172 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 173 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 214 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 53 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 237 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 293 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 63 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 202 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 267 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 191 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 237 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 49 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 205 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 257 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 209 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 259 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 199 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 243 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 155 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 202 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 155 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 194 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 51 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 318 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 371 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 56 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 233 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 291 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 166 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 206 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 172 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 217 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 156 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 198 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 157 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 203 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 52 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 193 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 247 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 58 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 267 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 328 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 52 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 198 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 252 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 208 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 252 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 165 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 210 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 165 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 207 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 221 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 269 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 53 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 213 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 268 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 103 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 124 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 102 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 124 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 57 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 58 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 180 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 239 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 149 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 179 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 145 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 173 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 180 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 152 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 179 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 150 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 178 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 154 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 182 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 150 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 178 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 149 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 177 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 178 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 180 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 149 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 178 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 149 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 178 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 180 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 150 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 178 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 180 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 153 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 181 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 154 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 183 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 153 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 182 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 152 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 181 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 152 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 180 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 153 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 182 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 152 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 181 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 152 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 181 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 156 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 185 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 154 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 183 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 155 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 184 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 155 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 184 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 150 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 180 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 161 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 149 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 177 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 158 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 186 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 141 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 169 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 143 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 168 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 148 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 176 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 153 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 181 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 152 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 180 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 152 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 181 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 180 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 152 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 180 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 181 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 152 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 182 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 180 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 153 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 182 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 152 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 180 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 149 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 177 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 160 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 189 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 179 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 150 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 179 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 179 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 153 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 182 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 153 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 183 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 181 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 152 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 181 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 154 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 183 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 150 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 178 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 150 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 178 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 150 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 180 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 179 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 153 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 181 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 179 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 179 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 152 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 179 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 153 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 181 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 153 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 181 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 150 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 178 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 180 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 181 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 153 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 183 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 153 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 181 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 157 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 187 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 153 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 182 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 150 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 178 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 151 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 180 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 155 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 183 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 152 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 180 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 153 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 181 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 154 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 182 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 160 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 189 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 153 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 182 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 154 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 182 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 3 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 53 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 179 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 233 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 161 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 147 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 175 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 144 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 172 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 146 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 175 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 146 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 175 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 146 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 174 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 143 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 171 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 142 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 171 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 144 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 173 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 147 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 175 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 146 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 175 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 147 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 175 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 146 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 175 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 146 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 175 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 146 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 176 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 146 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 176 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 145 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 174 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 145 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 174 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 144 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 172 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 142 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 169 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 142 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 172 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 148 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 176 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 145 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 173 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 145 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 173 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 147 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 175 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 149 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 179 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 124 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 149 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 150 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 178 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 143 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 170 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 142 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 169 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 145 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 173 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 146 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 174 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 147 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 175 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 156 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 185 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 143 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 172 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 148 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 176 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 155 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 184 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 144 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 172 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 147 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 175 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 146 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 174 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 144 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 173 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 143 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 172 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 145 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 174 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 145 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 174 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 147 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 176 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 147 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 177 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 149 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 178 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 147 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 176 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 147 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 177 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 145 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 174 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 146 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 174 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 145 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 173 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 145 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 174 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 146 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 174 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 161 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 160 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 140 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 168 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 141 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 169 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 146 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 173 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 146 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 174 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 247 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 276 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 1 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 173 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 218 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 143 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 152 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 124 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 151 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 152 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 154 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 132 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 160 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 161 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 161 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 138 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 147 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 175 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 158 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 132 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 139 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 167 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 166 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 138 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 107 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 131 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 112 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 136 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 158 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 160 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 138 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 166 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 142 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 171 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 139 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 166 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 141 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 169 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 143 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 170 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 166 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 138 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 167 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 138 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 139 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 167 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 166 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 111 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 135 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 120 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 120 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 149 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 132 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 158 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 132 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 158 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 160 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 160 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 139 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 168 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 141 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 171 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 160 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 161 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 168 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 158 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 152 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 125 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 151 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 152 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 106 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 130 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 111 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 135 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 118 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 143 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 120 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 120 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 149 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 158 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 161 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 160 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 155 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 132 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 125 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 151 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 140 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 168 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 132 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 160 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 154 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 130 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 160 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 152 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 102 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 125 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 134 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 155 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 154 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 139 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 108 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 131 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 105 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 128 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 94 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 115 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 95 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 118 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 79 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 100 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 148 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 173 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 75 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 92 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 2 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 48 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 58 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 152 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 211 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 137 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 107 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 132 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 113 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 138 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 113 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 139 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 154 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 154 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 117 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 144 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 117 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 144 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 124 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 149 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 120 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 142 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 152 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 155 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 120 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 125 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 152 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 120 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 98 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 121 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 106 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 130 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 115 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 141 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 113 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 138 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 112 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 137 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 113 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 139 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 113 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 138 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 141 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 144 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 120 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 156 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 155 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 120 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 120 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 155 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 158 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 125 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 154 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 149 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 98 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 121 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 108 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 114 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 139 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 114 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 141 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 114 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 139 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 114 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 139 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 135 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 134 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 112 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 137 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 114 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 139 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 113 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 138 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 141 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 115 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 141 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 142 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 108 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 140 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 114 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 139 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 142 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 142 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 141 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 115 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 140 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 112 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 137 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 109 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 134 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 142 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 143 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 150 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 125 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 91 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 115 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 101 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 127 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 108 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 108 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 106 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 131 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 143 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 136 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 113 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 138 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 112 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 138 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 111 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 136 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 112 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 137 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 112 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 137 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 134 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 105 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 129 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 106 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 130 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 88 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 109 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 114 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 77 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 97 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 80 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 100 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 87 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 107 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 88 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 109 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 89 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 110 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 88 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 109 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 86 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 107 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 86 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 107 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 72 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 89 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 72 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 89 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 69 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 86 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 70 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 88 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 61 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 77 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 66 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 83 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 94 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 116 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 114 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 75 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 94 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 77 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 96 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 76 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 95 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 75 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 95 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 72 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 91 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 72 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 90 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 70 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 89 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 73 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 92 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 74 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 93 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 75 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 95 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 74 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 91 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 73 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 92 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 78 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 98 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 77 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 96 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 82 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 102 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 82 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 102 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 96 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 119 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 94 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 116 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 116 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 116 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 99 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 122 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 100 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 124 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 115 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 92 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 116 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 92 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 114 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 92 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 115 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 73 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 93 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 84 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 105 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 90 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 111 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 89 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 115 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 97 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 122 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 99 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 123 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 99 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 122 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 98 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 122 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 95 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 119 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 94 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 118 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 98 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 121 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 97 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 121 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 91 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 113 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 91 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 113 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 100 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 122 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 101 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 125 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 98 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 121 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 97 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 121 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 106 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 130 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 106 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 130 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 98 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 121 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 96 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 120 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 89 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 112 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 86 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 109 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 94 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 116 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 92 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 116 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 86 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 107 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 84 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 106 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 78 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 98 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 85 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 103 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 65 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 82 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 76 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 96 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 100 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 122 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 98 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 121 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 92 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 111 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 97 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 121 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 107 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 135 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 124 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 155 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 102 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 124 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 105 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 135 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 97 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 121 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 112 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 139 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 143 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 174 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 61 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 202 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 263 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 75 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 95 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 85 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 105 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 87 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 107 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 115 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 136 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 108 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 115 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 78 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 98 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 78 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 98 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 85 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 105 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 173 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 218 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 76 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 93 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 87 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 106 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 115 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 56 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 222 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 281 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 293 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 340 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 129 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 175 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 78 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 96 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 82 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 102 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 69 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 90 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 71 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 90 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 72 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 88 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 66 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 82 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 152 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 176 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 190 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 240 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 192 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 239 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 222 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 271 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 53 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 206 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 260 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 183 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 230 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 139 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 179 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 83 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 113 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 86 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 102 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 70 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 85 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 81 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 98 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 150 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 173 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 248 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 283 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 71 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 285 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 359 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 48 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 217 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 267 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 94 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 138 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 87 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 108 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 71 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 287 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 361 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 75 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 283 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 361 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 66 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 254 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 321 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 79 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 255 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 337 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 83 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 444 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 529 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 79 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 579 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 660 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 154 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 200 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 158 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 207 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 58 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 193 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 254 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 50 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 175 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 226 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 74 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 258 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 335 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 75 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 337 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 415 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 67 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 414 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 482 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 56 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 214 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 272 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 66 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 286 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 354 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 63 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 322 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 390 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 73 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 215 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 291 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 69 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 210 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 282 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 58 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 235 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 296 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 66 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 296 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 364 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 56 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 221 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 279 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 64 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 276 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 341 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 63 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 281 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 346 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 70 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 264 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 336 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 67 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 311 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 382 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 76 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 322 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 401 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 78 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 300 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 380 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 79 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 325 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 407 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 75 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 337 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 415 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 80 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 313 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 395 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 66 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 225 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 294 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 62 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 253 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 317 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 65 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 271 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 338 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 63 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 277 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 343 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 60 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 266 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 328 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 57 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 278 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 337 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 75 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 280 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 356 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 66 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 293 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 362 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 59 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 307 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 368 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 70 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 297 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 368 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 68 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 277 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 347 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 66 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 279 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 349 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 69 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 279 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 349 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 73 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 292 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 368 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 55 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 214 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 272 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 57 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 521 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 579 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 94 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 126 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 41 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 80 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 31 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 69 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 36 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 70 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 38 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 71 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 33 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 72 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 30 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 63 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 35 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 79 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 47 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 86 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 34 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 75 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 39 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 77 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 48 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 88 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 48 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 88 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 33 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 72 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 33 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 66 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 43 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 79 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 36 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 77 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 41 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 79 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 41 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 87 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 38 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 78 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 35 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 78 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 50 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 55 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 107 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 50 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 90 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 39 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 85 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 50 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 87 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 38 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 85 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 43 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 87 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 39 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 83 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 37 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 77 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 44 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 82 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 48 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 85 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 50 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 92 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 46 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 89 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 45 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 87 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 46 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 92 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 53 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 44 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 99 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 43 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 44 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 88 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 49 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 95 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 44 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 84 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 45 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 84 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 38 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 79 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 51 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 90 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 56 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 96 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 46 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 84 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 51 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 90 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 46 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 90 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 52 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 95 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 55 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 99 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 46 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 90 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 52 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 94 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 37 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 79 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 44 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 84 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 42 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 80 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 45 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 86 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 55 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 96 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 62 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 106 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 43 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 86 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 41 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 78 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 41 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 79 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 45 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 80 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 61 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 99 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 49 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 93 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 54 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 98 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 39 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 82 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 39 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 74 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 40 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 76 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 41 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 78 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 45 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 84 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 47 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 89 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 63 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 105 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 48 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 96 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 42 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 85 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 42 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 81 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 45 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 84 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 53 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 97 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 58 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 99 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 48 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 57 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 107 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 35 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 69 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 46 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 83 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 53 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 92 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 48 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 86 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 53 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 91 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 45 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 88 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 52 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 93 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 51 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 66 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 119 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 48 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 96 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 57 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 101 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 43 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 91 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 53 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 100 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 38 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 84 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 54 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 95 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 59 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 106 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 96 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 137 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 49 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 59 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 111 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 49 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 83 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 39 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 78 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 39 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 67 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 50 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 81 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 49 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 96 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 51 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 99 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 74 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 124 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 44 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 83 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 45 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 83 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 43 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 86 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 49 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 91 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 58 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 104 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 48 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 91 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 51 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 94 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 45 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 82 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 52 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 125 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 179 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 60 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 109 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 40 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 74 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 51 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 86 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 65 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 107 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 54 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 97 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 50 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 99 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 39 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 76 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 50 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 90 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 53 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 95 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 49 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 90 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 46 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 87 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 58 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 98 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 51 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 88 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 43 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 87 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 42 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 81 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 44 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 79 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 51 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 87 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 58 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 101 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 51 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 98 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 56 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 96 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 56 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 94 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 48 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 91 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 40 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 80 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 45 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 82 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 43 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 80 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 42 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 75 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 47 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 79 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 48 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 83 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 55 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 89 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 45 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 88 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 61 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 96 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 37 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 73 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 68 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 106 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 33 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 66 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 21 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 21 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 27 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 48 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 38 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 76 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 44 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 78 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 33 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 63 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 28 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 63 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 35 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 63 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 22 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 48 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 47 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 81 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 53 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 85 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 52 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 33 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 64 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 51 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 59 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 94 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 22 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 57 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 35 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 69 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 29 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 62 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 45 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 44 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 18 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 19 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 20 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 40 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 16 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 17 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 41 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 15 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 21 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 15 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 20 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 13 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 34 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 38 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 72 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 46 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 32 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 79 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 7 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 8 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 6 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 9 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 10 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 16 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 14 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 39 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 12 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 37 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 17 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 26 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 50 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 18 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 11 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 0 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 136 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 142 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 117 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 143 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 53 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 244 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 299 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 61 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 242 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 306 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 107 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 129 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 111 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 135 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 104 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 127 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 108 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 130 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 120 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 128 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 155 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 124 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 150 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 124 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 151 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 117 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 141 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 149 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 96 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 118 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 96 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 117 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 120 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 205 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 229 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 62 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 210 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 272 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 167 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 194 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 33 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 187 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 235 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 82 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 102 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 35 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 144 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 168 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 212 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 239 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 147 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 184 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 147 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 170 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 101 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 123 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 143 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 120 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 132 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 158 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 111 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 137 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 149 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 124 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 150 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 139 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 168 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 139 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 170 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 141 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 170 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 147 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 177 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 140 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 173 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 141 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 170 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 142 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 173 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 142 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 173 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 139 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 167 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 143 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 174 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 19 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 92 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 112 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 97 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 120 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 98 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 120 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 105 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 129 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 106 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 130 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 158 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 166 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 138 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 170 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 32 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 168 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 115 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 22 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 95 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 117 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 150 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 126 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 21 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 93 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 115 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 102 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 126 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 110 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 135 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 149 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 122 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 161 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 133 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 162 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 92 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 116 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 99 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 122 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 113 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 137 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 107 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 131 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 108 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 51 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 187 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 163 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 138 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 169 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 38 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 173 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 148 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 177 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 160 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 168 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 31 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 167 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 55 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 150 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 206 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 23 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 98 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 121 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 107 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 133 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 118 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 144 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 144 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 115 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 141 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 47 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 171 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 221 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 161 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 149 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 127 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 157 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 166 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 188 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 220 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 69 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 162 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 232 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 36 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 172 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 136 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 63 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 170 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 236 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 165 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 30 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 137 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 168 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 134 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 164 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 131 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 160 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 24 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 100 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 125 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 51 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 135 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 186 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 116 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 141 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 113 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 139 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 29 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 123 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 118 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 145 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 146 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 28 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 119 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 42 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 203 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 246 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 27 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 125 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 153 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 121 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 148 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 25 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 125 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 151 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Frame 26 milliseconds
	System::TrackMonocular GrabImageMonocular.Track 132 milliseconds
mono_realtime.SLAM.TrackMonocular: 159 milliseconds
